hey my Barbie's this is like where you
make them country guys with eight other
video in today's video is a you know
what what's today's video you guys Kings
guys tell me what it is can you be by
the title yes today is a what's on my
nails video okay for the month of
october i really wanted to get into
breast cancer awareness I never wear my
nails this long Azul or my nails quite
long sometimes but I've never worn them
literally this long I feel like Sheneneh
with these long nails but I really
wanted to represent on breast cancer
awareness and everything like that so
that's why I kind of did them this long
this is what all my nails currently they
are pink tips with like hologram with
like hectic on had the gun glitter in
them the side look of them now I'm gonna
tell you guys about these nails again I
did them for breast cancer awareness I
absolutely love these nails I don't
normally do them this long when I do my
acrylic they're normally a lot shorter
than this but they're just so freaking
cute and I just absolutely love them now
do not have any polish on my nails I
just used on some glitter acrylic mix
that I mixed together I will get into
more of my nail videos you guys I know
I've been very slacking on them so I
really would try to be more into like my
acrylic powders what i use how mix them
just random things like that so you guys
can kind of get a feel of what i do i do
do my own nails i do not go to a nail
shop um I got into doing my own nails
because I really just wanted to save a
book you know I really wanted to save if
you think about it between your hands
and your toes you're spending like a
hundred dollars every two weeks that's
like two hundred dollars a month you
know so I really wanted to get into the
point of saving I did spend a lot of
money to get to do my own nails force
the acrylic wise girls and now that I
have a job where I'm able to get a
pretty decent discount on my acrylic
powders so now I normally get myself
from there
but um normally like I said my acrylic
powders between my acrylic powder the
glitters i get from like a local craft
store you can go to anyone Michaels Jill
wins I don't I wouldn't go to hobby live
and get their glitters cuz they're
glitters aren't really for craft but
such as like glue in and stuff so i
bought some glitters from them and the
purple that i bought faded so they just
kind of give you an idea that their
glitters are not really like you can't
use them for Crowley's Sally's good
supply store that's where i work at you
guys can go there and they really have a
really nice section of glitters and i'm
actually yesterday i just bought some
glitters for my job so I can kind of you
know mix and create new glitters and
things like that but I'm again I did
these pink nails for the fall butterfly
and absolutely love them they're my
favorite I really like them a lot
they're really cute really girly again
this is the breast cancer awareness
month thing that I'm doing I probably
end up changing them real soon I gotta
get back on doing my nails again I have
been slacking like I usually were like
the same nose for like a month or two
straight seriously I've been slacking
and so I'm thank you guys for watching
what's on my nails I see you guys next
video bye